 This is the marquee tee; a teeshirt that displays information from the internet! 
I have mine streaming titles of the most recent toms hardware articles, but you can make yours say anything you want

here are all the things you're going to need

first step is getting the panels together
the panels were gonna use are Adafruit 8x8 neopixel panels 
these are awesome because there's already a ton of great software available to do a lot of cool stuff with them

The first thing we're gonna do is connect all three panels togehter
lay them all next to each other, face down, and turn on your soldering iron
then, solder a wire from the DOUT pin on the right panel, to the DIN pin on the middle panel.
go ahead and connect the 5v and Ground pins together too
Now do the same thing for the center and left panels

you can use any wire to do this, but i prefer to use ribbon cable because it's really low proile, and it helps keep all your connections organized

alrgiht, once you've got those soldered up, it's time to connect your panel to the arduino. 
the right panel should have a DIN pin unconnected. solder a wire from that pin to digital pin 6 on your arduino.
then connect the remaining 5v and GND pins to 5v and ground pins on the arduino.

After you're done making these connections, its a good idea to add some hot glue to the joints to provide some strain relief
in case they get jostled a bit, the wires could rip off a pad, and that's bad news. just a little dab is plenty

Also, cool tip, if you lick your finger real quick, you can touch the hot glue to help it cool down faster and push it into place without burning yourself

Alright, thats all the soldering, now it's time to dive into the software
first we're gonna flash the firmware to the arduino
This is super easy, just download and open the Arduino ide, open the sketch from the github page, connect your arduino, and hit upload

setting up the raspberry pi is a little more involved, but there's full instructions on the github page on how to install all the software needed for this project
I set my phone up with a wireless hotspot and gave the raspberry pi the login so i can use the shirt anywhere and not worry about having a wifi connection


When that's all set, connect your arduino to your raspberry pi with a mini usb calbe, or whatever usb cable fits your arduino
I used an arduino nano, but you can use pretty much any arduino you have laying around

when youve got all your software installed, you can go ahead and plug everythign in, turn on your wifi hotspot, and give everytnign a test


alrigtht, the last part is integrating all this into a tshirt
first, we're gonna mount the led panels to the inside of the shirt so they shine through and make a cool diffusion effect
the way i did this was 3d printing a bracket that holds all the led panels, and mounting it to the inside of the tshir twith some velcro
i printed this bracket on a formlabs form 2 3d printer, but if you have an fdm 3d printer, the parts should print out just fine.
if you dont have access to a 3d printer, you can make something really similar using an xacto knife and some cardboard
the bracket was really big and i couldnt fit it on the form 2 in one print, so i printed it in parts, 
then i used some resin as glue to bond the two halves together. then i cured the bond with some uv light, and i had a full bracket! 
this is an actual chemical bond, and much sgtronger than super glue. then i gave it a sand, and had a complete bracket.

next, i mounted the led panels into the bracke tusing VHB
vhb is a kind of foam tape made by 3m, and this stuff is AWESOME
it is insanely strong, and because it's foam tape, itll adhere and conform to weird surfaces
if you dont have vhb, some double sided tape or some hot glue will also work here

for mounting all the electronics, i made a panel from black acrylic.
i used a laser cutter to cut this out, but you can make something similar using cardboard
Then i used vhb to attach the battery, the arduino, and the raspberry pi

then i used some precut velcro strips to attach the led bracket to the inside of the tshirt, and then did the same for the acrylic panel

Alright!! you're all done!! throw that sucker on spread your message

This has been stephen hawes for tom's hardware, thanks for watching!

